Which one with no eyes dares to hit my field?
I see who doesn't have eyes
What wind blew Mr. Ge here?
Please take a seat
I'm sick of being at your table
Now I announce that the cooperation between Flying Yellow Capital and Qingmang ends here
What are you looking at?
Mr. Ge
I really didn't know he was yours
Otherwise, lend me ten thousand guts
I wouldn't dare either.
Mr. Xu
I have signed the contract
The specific content is up to you.
As long as you help me have a word with Mr. Ge
What if there is a next time?
Never again.
Go away
I roll, I roll
today
Oh, thank you kindly.
Xu Ziliang, look at what you look like now
Don't you want your Mathematical Olympiad dream?
What does it matter to you how I look?
Take care of yourself
I really misjudged you.